Cross origin, resource sharing or cause can be a little bit of a confusing subject, so I'm going to
try and make it as easy as possible in this lesson for you to understand.
So with as free, you do sometimes need to enable cause.
What it means is it will allow requests from an origin to another origin.
Now that in itself probably sounds rather confusing.
Let's first define what an origin is now.
An origin is defined by the DNS name that you're connecting to, the protocol you're using, and the
port that you're connected to as well.
So if you're connected from a client to a specific domain name using HTP on Port 80, then that's your
origin.
Let's look at this in a quick diagram to help you to understand.
So we've got a client who's using a browser and they're connecting to an S3 bucket.
Now that S3 bucket is configured as a website, in this case for my company dot com, we then have another
bucket and that bucket is holding some web font assets, which we're going to need to access.
Now, firstly, the browser is connecting to my company dot com, so the DNS name is my company dot
com.
The protocol is http and the port is Port 80, so that now becomes the origin.
And in this case, we're using JavaScript, so a JavaScript web client has been loaded on the browser.
Now we need to actually connect to the free endpoint for the other bucket with the web font assets in
it.
So we're going to issue a connection request.
And what happens is something called a pre flight request is going to check if we are allowed to make
a request to that specific bucket.
So remember, we're connected to one origin, but now our browser is trying to connect to a different
origin.
Now, whether we're able to do that or not is defined on that bucket with the web font assets.
That's where the cause configuration is.
So you have to add a configuration that's going to allow requests from the other origin.
Now how do we do that?
Well, we enable it through a series of settings.
We've got the access control, allow origin, the access control, allow methods and the access control,
allow headers.
You don't need to use all of these, but these are the available settings and we define these settings
free rules.
The rules are added using JSON files and Amazon as free.
So let's have a look at an example.
Here's an example role in JSON format for a cause configuration and we can see we've got the allowed
headers in this case is star methods is put post and delete, and the origins is dubbed up double what
my company XCOM.
So that would have to be the origin that would allow dub, dub, dub, dub my company dot com.
It might not actually allow my company XCOM, because that's a slightly different domain name.
This is a subdomain, so you'll need to make sure that somebody set correctly.
So that's cause now.
The key thing to remember is that you don't implement your course configuration on the origin, you
implement it on the other bucket that you're trying to connect to.